Welcome back in this job interview guide we took a deep dive into Java and looked at a varied range
of Java concepts creating a course on job interview questions is really a huge risk a job was so vast
that it's absolutely impossible to cover everything that is important be there are people with different
skill levels who are preparing for interviews who have different expectations and it's very difficult
to match all of them.
Our aim with this course was not to cover everything.
Our aim was to help you revise the important concepts in a very short period of time with a lot of code
examples.
We hope we are successful in that endeavor.
One of the important things we recommend you to do is to complete the exercises which were recommended
at the end of every BDO.
We also recommend you to set up all the examples which are present on the Get her repository.
There is never an end to learning and preparing for a job interview.
So what we have done is on to get her proposal into engagement is Jawan to your questions and answers
at the bottom of the page where we'll get all the questions.
There's a section called what you can do next.
The topics which are mentioned in here might be some of those which you would want to focus on next.
Good luck with the preparation for your job interview.
I think we see you in another 28 minutes.
This is wrong.
Signing off.
Take care and good luck.
Bye.